I will now explain some basic principles of music theory that they are
essential to pass the practice
first of all we learn to know the notes of the musical scale
we all know the seven notes of the musical scale
only they
but the first thing necessary to understand
and that to the notes are 12
yes, because the intermediate notes are interspersed with the seven notes
ibs iss obweb springs
these take the name of the immediately preceding note
with the addition of the essence symbol
or of the note
immediately following with the demodè symbol
the symbols of flat exist are called alterations
these notes are those that correspond to the black keys of the
piano
and also for the guitar
they are completely equivalent to the seven commonly known notes are therefore
essential
but look at the image below
in practice after the 110th c that can also be called a flat king
after r
cierre sharps
u me flat and so on
it is necessary to remember also among my lphant there are not intermediate notes that is
alterations
pens also between the yes hey do of the next scale
once arrived at the si the scale repeats itself starting from the do c sharp e
so on to infinity
the space between one note and the next is called semitone
ie helldorado sharps there is a warm semitone ds sr there is a semitone
while between do r there are two semitones
the semitone is therefore the smallest interval and if held by two notes
a tone instead kelly interval between two notes and whose distance 3d2 semitones
for example between dott r there are two semitones or a tone
as well as 3 rows only
and so also the three elms that the F sharp
the entony distance must be measured in the following way starting with the note of
departure
for example we start from the dott
at the distance of four tony we find the sharp sharps with the flat
while the distance of four semitones we find the meet
if instead we start from the king at the distance of four trony we find the B flat
left school
while the distance of four semitones
we find the F sharp or sol flat
the note that we find the distance of twelve semitones in the tones of that of
departure
it will again be the same note only pior qta
this note is called the octave
that is seen an octave from the starting note
the set of these twelve notes is called the chromatic scale